Add "Risk Matrix" section to the PR template (#100649)
elastic/kibana: RISK_MATRIX.md

> # Risk consideration

Reviewer: If you make this file `.mdx` and add the elastic-docs front-matter, we could add this doc to the developer guide.

When merging a new feature of considerable size or modifying an existing one,
consider adding a *Risk Matrix* section to your PR in collaboration with other
developers on your team and the QA team.

> Below are some general themes to consider for the *Risk Matrix*:

Reviewer 2: I'd phrase this as:

"Consider these areas of risk for the *Risk Matrix*:"

At the moment I think the list under general is a bit too long and some of the points are quite specific. Grouping them a bit more narrowly can help the reader orientate themselves and encourage them to the think of other points. For instance, we could do something like:

* General risks - Kibana-specific risks like spaces, plugin dependency, licensing
* Operational risks - points regarding environment in which code is running, clustered mode etc
* Performance risks - anything from server-side to client-side performance
* Security risks - this can remain as is IMO

Author: I like the idea of grouping in general, but we explicitly discussed with Petr and Peter to collect about "two dozen" of bullet, points, so I'm keeping it as is for now, and we can group later.

## General risks

- What happens when your feature is used in a non-default space or a custom
  space?

> - What happens when Kibana is run in a cluster mode?

Reviewer 3: nit: "cluster" is a bit ambiguous at this point...
```suggestion
- What happens when there are multiple Kibana nodes using the same Elasticsearch cluster?
```

> - What happens when plugin you depend on is disabled?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- What happens when a plugin you depend on is disabled?
```

> - What happens when feature you depend on is disabled?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- What happens when a feature you depend on is disabled?
```

- Is your change working correctly regardless of `kibana.yml` configuration or
  UI Setting configuration? (For example, does it support both
  `state:storeInSessionStorage` UI setting states?)
- What happens when a third party integration you depend on is not responding?
- How is authentication handled with third party services?
- Does the feature work in Elastic Cloud?

> - Does the feautre create a setting that needs to be exposed, or configured

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Does the feature create a setting that needs to be exposed, or configured
```

  differently than the default, on the Elastic Cloud?
- Is there a significant performance impact that may affect Cloud Kibana
  instances?
- Does your feature need to be aware of running in a container?

> - Does the feature Work with security disabled, or fails gracefully?

Reviewer 4: I think this is redundant with: "What happens when a plugin you depend on is disabled"

Reviewer 3: There are two ways to "disable security" at the moment:
1) Disable security in Elasticsearch by setting `xpack.security.enabled: false` in the `elasticsearch.yml`. This is the recommended approach.
2) Disable Kibana's security plugin by setting `xpack.security.enabled: false` in the `kibana.yml`. This will be removed starting in 8.0 as it's super confusing and complicated to support.

> - Are there performance risks associated with your feature? Does it access:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Are there performance risks associated with your feature? Does it potentially access or create:
```

  (1) many fields; (2) many indices; (3) lots of data; (4) lots of saved
  objects; (5) large saved objects.

> - Will leaving browser running overnight not have negative impacts ot the page

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Will leaving the browser running overnight have negative impacts on the page
```

>   and server performance?

Reviewer 4: Is this maybe more specific to memory leaks?

- Will your feature still work if Kibana is run behind a reverse proxy?
- Does your feature affect other plugins?
- If you write to the file system, what happens if Kibana node goes down? What

>   happens if Kibana is run in cluster mode?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  happens if there are multiple Kibana nodes?
```

- Are migrations handled gracefully? Does the feature affect old indices or
  saved objects?
- Are you using any technologies, protocols, techniques, conventions, libraries,
  NPM modules, etc. that may be new or unprecedented in Kibana?

> ## Security risks

Reviewer 3: @elastic/kibana-security do one of you mind reviewing this section?

Reviewer 5: I took a look below. It looks like some of the same content in `docs/developer/best-practices/security.asciidoc` ([Security best practices](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/security-best-practices.html#security-best-practices)) and `dev_docs/best_practices.mdx`.

Instead of repeating some of the same information here, how do you feel about shortening and linking it to that page?

Perhaps something like this:

```
## Security risks

Check to ensure that best practices are used to mitigate common vulnerabilities:

- Cross-site scripting (XSS)
- Cross-site request forgery (CSRF)
- Remote-code execution (RCE)
- Server-side request forgery (SSRF)
- Prototype pollution
- Information disclosure
- Tabnabbing

In addition to these risks, in general, server-side input validation should be implemented as strictly
as possible. Extra care should be taken when user input is used to construct URLs or data structures;
this is a common source of injection attacks and other vulnerabilities. For more information on all of
these topics, see [Security best practices](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/security-best-practices.html#security-best-practices).
```

(Side note: I noticed that there are some formatting issues on the docs mentioned above, and some opportunities to improve the content. I'll open a separate PR to fix that.)
